Crossteam project valuation.md (#314)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: patterns/2-structured/crossteam-project-valuation.md

## Commentary

Despite the trappings of rigor, this process does not yield an exact way to measure cross-team project output.
In-practice, however, it does give a framework by which you can make a sound decision at how to fund this work.
After having good, reasonable data according to the above explanation, you should fund dedicated development hours toward running the project up to _**at least**_ of the lesser of the following three levels:

1.  The raw hours saved by the formula above.  Since we're all sure that the formula will produce a number that is below the true number of hours saved, you can have confidence that funding the project up to that point is a sure win for you.

> 1.  The amount of time that it takes to support inner sourced contributions to cross-team projects.  Since the contributor would likely have done the work anyway in a one-off fashion, it is worth it to fund the time it takes to facilitate their work going into a shared location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  The amount of time that it takes to support InnerSource contributions to cross-team projects.  Since the contributor would likely have done the work anyway in a one-off fashion, it is worth it to fund the time it takes to facilitate their work going into a shared location.
```

While we are at it, we might as well fix this to the preferred capitalization of InnerSource.
